Raspberry Pi: rephrase A2 class requirement (#34379)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/installation/raspberrypi.markdown

{% assign board = "Raspberry Pi" %}
{% assign installation_media = "SD card" %}

## Suggested hardware

We will need a few things to get started with installing Home Assistant.

- [Raspberry Pi 5](https://amzn.to/3UH6TcD) or [Raspberry Pi 4](https://amzn.to/2S0Gcl1) with [power supply](https://amzn.to/2ReZ2Vq) (Raspberry Pi 3 Model B is ok to get started, but the Model A does not have enough RAM).
- [Micro SD Card](https://amzn.to/2X0Z2di).

>   - Ideally get one that is [Application Class 2](https://www.sdcard.org/developers/overview/application/index.html). Check for the label **A2** on the card. Application Class 2 cards perform better on both read and write operations and are better suited to host applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Ideally get one that is [Application Class 2](https://www.sdcard.org/developers/overview/application/index.html). Check for the label **A2** on the card. Application Class 2 cards perform better especially on small read and write operations and are better suited to host applications.
```
